# proj10-MeetUp
Final for CIS322, Fall '16 @ UO

## Author
Jared Paeschke, contact me via paeschk@cs.uoregon.edu

## What is here

This is the final MeetUp project for CIS322. This flask app allows the user to find 
free times that multiple people have in common. These free times assist to find a good
time for the group to set a meeting.

## How to Install

When writing and testing this program, the test machine was a Raspberry Pi 3 running Raspian Jesse. 
This is the best sure fire way that the install will go smoothly. However you should have success 
as long as you have bash and make on your server machine. All but step four is done from command line.

1. git clone https://github.com/mahananaka/proj10-MeetUp.git < install directory >
2. cd < install directory >
3. bash ./configure
4. You will need to create a folder called secrets. Inside of secrets folder you will need three files
  * admin_secrets.py: The quotes must be included, the username, password, port, and hostname are for the database you are using.
    * `google_key_file=“secrets/google_client_key.json”`
    * `admin_user="uname"`
    * `admin_pw="pass"`
    * `port="1234"`
    * `host="hostname"`
  * client_secrets.py:
    * `db = "dbname"`
    * `db_user = "uname"`
    * `db_user_pw = "pass"`
  * your file with credentials generated by the google api manager
    * this file is created and downloaded following instructions [here](https://developers.google.com/google-apps/calendar/quickstart/python). Specifically the wizard in Step 1a.
    
5. make run

At this point the application should start, and inform you which port it is listening on. You may then
bring up this app in your preferred browser via http://serverdomain:port/. So if you’re on your dev
machine and running on port 5000 then the url would be http://localhost:5000/.

## Usage

From the main entry is a managment page. From here there are two buttons at the top. A delete button which
deletes any selected MeetUps. The second button is a create button which is used to create new MeetUps. If
you want to create a new MeetUp you must specify date information and a name/description for the new MeetUp.

After a MeetUp is made you'll see it from the main page in a table. Find yours and you'll have two links provided. 
First is a share link which is given out to anyone that you want to participate in the MeetUp. Second is a link 
that allows you to view the current calculated free times.

If you follow the link you share out, you come to a page which may asks for permission to allow Google to allow 
access to your Google Calendar. Once you allow access you'll see a list of calendars. Select the relavent ones.
After submitting you'll get all events that are within the range specified by the MeetUp creator. Deselect any
which may be ignored and the commit the leftover events to the database. You'll be automatically directed to the
page which shows calculated free times.

## Testing

Some tests were written for the program. You can see these tests in test_flask_main.py, test_meetupdb.py, and 
test_agenda. If you wish to run these tests using nose, a nosetests recipe exists in the make file. From 
command line you can type `make test` to do the nosetests.
